1. How do you deal with criticism?
ans:I am always enthusiastic about learning new things and during the process, I might tend to make mistakes. If someone provides me with constructive criticism, 
I am always open to it and I will work on correcting myself and learn from my mistakes. This would help me grow and move forward. If the feedback is negative, 
then I am mature enough to ignore the feedback and continue working on doing my job to the best of my capabilities without dampening my spirit.

 Why do you want to work for our company?
I feel that with my current skill sets and my experience in the XYZ domain, the job requirements this role presented are a perfect match for me. I could visualize myself in that role as it aligned with my career aspirations, skills, and expertise. Besides, I have researched your company and found that it has impressive and promising projections which made me excited to be a part of the amazing future. I would take pride in working under the great leadership of this company and I found this place to be a perfect fit for utilizing my expertise 
along with the promising aspect of personal growth

What are your greatest strengths and weaknesses?
I think one of my greatest strengths is that I am a great team player. I am also a self-motivated and quick learning individual. Whatever task that I set to do, 
I always give my best and complete it diligently well in advance. My weakness would be that I am learning to master people skills while meeting new individuals. I get nervous while talking to new people. 
I have been working on this for quite a long time and I can say with utmost confidence that I have come a long way.

Why are you looking for a change?
The reason I am looking for change is that I feel like now is the time to expand my horizon. I have worked in my current company for quite a long time and while I am grateful for all the 
opportunities that were presented to me there, I want to go beyond my current role here, 
explore different avenues and take up challenging roles and I believe that your company will be the perfect place for me to push and grow myself as an individual.

 How would you rate yourself on a scale of 1 to 10?
I would like to rate myself an 8. 8 because I know that I am not perfect and there is always a scope for learning and improvement.
Continuous learning is the most fundamental part of personal and professional growth

7. What is your biggest achievement so far?
I have achieved several milestones to date in my career as a software developer. The most recent one is of the time when we were working on a critical component of a product pertaining to customer payments. We were working round the clock for around 2 months and I was a core developer. I was made a lead to this component for completing the task in another 2 months.

To meet the deadline, we ensured that we upskilled ourselves to learn all the aspects of the development of this module and also brought in a few more resources to complete it faster. 
Post the deployment, I trained our team to support the platform proficiently. Ultimately, we could complete the product well in advance of the deadline. When the product was launched, the higher management 
was super proud of us and our team was awarded for our outstanding performance in the quarterly town hall. It was a very proud moment for me.


8. Where do you see yourself in 5 years?

Over 5 years, I would love to utilize all the opportunities that this company provides me to learn by utilizing the internal and external training programs. My ultimate career goal is to
become a Technology Architect and hence I would look forward to developing various products that represent the vision of this company
and be a part of making a difference along with quickening my journey of becoming a Tech Architect.


 9.Why should we hire you?
I am a self-motivated and very open-minded person who can learn very fast. Looking at the job description and my experience in the field of web development,
I am confident that I am very much suitable for this role. I enjoy solving problems and I am a great team player. I also believe that my values are aligned with this company’s values.
I think this position will support my interest and also give me interesting and exciting opportunities to contribute to the growth of this organization. I am very much excited about this opportunity

10.Tell me about yourself.
I am an energetic person, an effective communicator, and a quick learner. I was also one of the top students in my batch while I was pursuing a B.E degree in the XYZ domain. 
I worked on various projects related to the software domain which provided me a great deal of technical exposure along with the importance of working in a team and the value of client satisfaction.
I have worked on developing various enterprise-level web applications for helping companies solve problems like ensuring business continuity, 
market research analysis, etc. So, I believe I am a good fit for technology-centric roles in your company.


Behavioural HR Interview Questions
1. Tell me how you will handle it if suddenly the priorities of a project were changed?
I certainly understand that there might be valid reasons for a company to change the priority of a project. The vision of a project at one particular point of time would change at another time due to various conditions. If the priority of the task that I work on gets changed, I will put efforts into understanding why this happened and I will consider that it is in the best interest of the company and start to
work on the new task of higher priority rather than crib about it. The ultimate goal is to achieve big things by putting in my best eff

